Welcome back in the previous step we connected the spring cloud config server to the GIT repository and
also configure multiple.
Environments conflagration from multiple environments of limits service in the GIT repository however.
We have not really connected the limits service to pick the values from the spring cloud config server.
In this step let's focus on doing that.
What we'll do is we'll connect the limits service to pick up the configuration from the spring cloud config server
all the configuration that we have been creating is in files which are named as application dot properties.
This kind of the default.
So if you're configuring anything related to the application then application dot properties is probably
the default place where you would configure that.
But now what we want to do is limit service configuration.
We don't want it to be from application dot properties we would want it to connect to the spring cloud
config server and pick it up.
We don't know how to configure the values in here.
What we want to do is we would want to limits service to talk to the spring cloud config server and pick up
the configuration from there one of the important things is.
If you would want to pick up the configuration from a spring cloud config server the property file
has to be renamed.
I should not use the name application dot properties but I would start calling this bootstrap dot properties.
So instead of application dot properties the name is bootstrap dot properties so let's rename this to
bootstrap dot properties.
The other important thing is we don't really want to configure values in here because all the configuration
of the values should happen on the spring cloud config server.
Typically the things which would be present in Bootstrap properties are configuration of what is the
name of the application.
Then you need to tell limits service where this spring cloud config server is which URL can be used
to talk to this spring cloud config server if I say Spring dot cloud dot config dot
URI that's a property where you can store the value of the URI or the URL actually of this spring
cloud config server port what did we use localhost 8888.
That's the URI which we made use what I'll do is I'll restart the limits service.
Let's see if this is running OK.
I don't really have it running.
Let's go ahead and now start up the limits service application.
The important thing is the fact that the name of the application is a limites hyphen service.
So we exactly match in the GIT local config repo.
We have limites hyphen service hyphen dev hyphen QA.
So this application name is a critical part of your bootstrap dot properties.
Now based on this application name we are going to pick up values from the git local repository.
Now the application has started up.
If I search for localhost 8 8 8 8 you'd see that fetching config from server at so and so and
you can see it says located environment name is equal to limites service and profile's is equal to default
because we have not really configured a profile in here.
It picks up the default profile.
Later we'll see it we'll see how you can configure a profile and pick up the configuration for that.
specific environment.
But for now let's use the default profile so we're using the default profile and we are picking up the
values from the default profile.
So I would recommend you to spend some time looking at the log and seeing how the local host 8 8
8 8 is being use to pick up the values from the spring cloud config server.
if you execute the URI local host 80 80 slash limits you would see maximum is 888 minimum is 8.
Where did we configure that.
That's coming from your limits service dot properties that's the default values that we have configured.
So what we have done in this step is we connected the limites service to the spring cloud config server all that we
had to do was to rename application dot properties to bootstrap dot properties and configure of the URI of this spring
cloud config server by default.
It's become picking up the values from limits hyphen service dot properties which is the default profile
in the next step we would look at configuring profiles in the limits service and picking up the properties for
the appropriate.
Environment.
Until then bye bye.